now on to the 2008 beaking and the folks
we have preload compression and rebound
damping and in the shock we have the
same preload compression and rebound
given the configuration of the shock
most uzuki's didn't have a stud going
through the frame so you can put washers
or spaces underneath that to take the
back of the backup now in this instance
this is a straight bolt through so you
don't have the ability to change the
rear I'd Heights you'd have to go ahead
and get an aftermarket shock for that so
let's get to measuring okay let's put
Dave on the bike at 180 pounds now we
know this has ten millimeters of free
sac so what I did was measure from the
end of the axle casting here up to the
joint of the fender and the exhaust
now right now given Dave's weight at a
hundred and AC we have fifty millimeters
of SAG in the back so that's way where
you're way too much if we tightened it
up it might be usable if you're 200-plus
pounds and this is not gonna work for
you moving on to the front of the bike
we know that topped out it was a hundred
and thirty millimeters so here now we're
at 80
so again fifty millimeters of sag in the
back the good thing is the springs a
balanced front to back because the SAG
is very comparable the bad thing is if
you're anywhere above 150 pounds the
bikes way too soft for you now if this
bike was too soft for 180 pound rider
with we've got some significant problems
here 65 millimeters of sag so if you're
anywhere in the region of 220 above this
bike is unsafe for your ride on the
street
it is completely unrideable if you were
to get on the gas especially something
as powerful as this you probably bombing
the shock out right away
great for wheelies but extremely
dangerous especially on downhill turns
because you'd have no weight on the
front wheel at all moving to the front
just under half the travel is gone
so again at this way that 200-plus you
have got to restring the bike
significantly now the one thing we can't
do on the showroom floor is check the
valving so what you'd have to do is
write it get it the suspension settled
in bring it back and then based on where
the rebound setting is see if you can
get away we're simply respring or you
would have to go ahead with a spring and
then Reeve al to suit the spring itself
so that's an option you have to try down
the rope now in Talisa at 140 pounds
you set
35 millimeters of sag so on a bike of
this magnitude anything lighter than 140
the bikes perfect for you
front brake front suspension is just a
hair on the soft side but we have lots
of adjustability on preload so this bike
as I said it has balance Springs so if
you were 140 to 115 bikes perfect right
off the showroom floor anything heavier
than that you're gonna have to respring
and potentially revolve especially if
you're over 200